# JP50: Learn Japanese from Scratch
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/8LGEl1KHqxs>
#### Description:
When I first stumbled upon CS50, I was only thinking of making my own website, hopefully to one day make it big, while making an impact on what I consider important to me. Therefore, for this final project I have decided to make my own website called “JP50” in honour to CS50.

I come from Malaysia and have always loved the Japanese culture. I have self-taught myself Japanese and am planning to take the JLPT N1 exam this year. On my journey in becoming better at Japanese, I have realized how there are so many convenient apps to use online that can boost your learning progress by a lot. Therefore, I want to be a part of this too. In this website, one will be able to start their first step in learning Japanese, which is memorizing the “alphabets” of the Japanese language, hiragana and katakana. Hiragana is used to represent Japanese words while Katakana is used to represent foreign imported words. This basic description of Hiragana and Katakana is displayed in the login page to let the soon-to-be users have an idea of what they are about.

In this website, one can register an account, log in and log out too. The date and timestamp which the user logs in and logs out will be recorded in the “record” page. This serves as a purpose in noting down how often and how long one has studied using the website. There is also a small easter egg when the user first registers an account, which is that the record page will show “FIRST LOGIN” instead of the usual “LOGIN” or “LOGOUT”.

In the index page of this website, there are four sections to choose. Whereas the description of each section is located below each section’s “hyperlink”. In the hiragana page, one will be able to view the hiragana chart, along with the corresponding romajis (pronunciation) in the chart. There is a note above the chart giving some tips to the users on what they should do while learning hiragana. In the katakana page, one will be able to view the Katakana chart, along with the corresponding romaji (pronunciation) in the chart too. The note above the chart tells the users to try to be comfortable in hiragana first before attempting to learn katakana.

Lastly is the Quiz page, which gave me some trouble as I was first planning to use SQL to implement it, which I changed my mind to using arrays instead because it was much easier. In this quiz page, there will be a random hiragana or katakana displayed on the screen. One can then type into the textbook the romaji(pronunciation) of the character displayed. If the answer is correct, the textbook will turn green, else the textbook will turn red, and the correct answer will also be shown. One can then click the next button to go to the next question.

Personally, even after I have submitted this final project, I still plan to work on some changes as I am not fully satisfied with it. I plan to take CS50 web after CS50 so I might be able to use what I learn there to further improve this website.
